---
title: OneLoad64 Games Collection v5 Released
published: true
---

OneLoad64 version 5, the best Commodore 64 games / roms collection is here! With all of the games included converted to cartridge format for the fastest loading possible, it's quite literally game changing!

It has over 2,000 games, including many MultiLoad conversions. So whatever you're using, be it emulators including the MiSTer FPGA, or real hardware with the likes of the Ultimate64, EasyFlash, Kung Fu Flash, TeensyROM, SD2IEC etc, be sure to download this massive collection of C64 retro gaming goodness and check it out, it's completely free! 😄

You can download the collection here:

[Google Drive](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Ef6J-yyzE14stEaqjK7XlYuutDDBOCyr/view) or [MEGA.nz](https://mega.nz/file/WZUV2ApA#JFoFB3vVCcfiKe02TkTqq3JOR2OoWLWBGA2B8m_bxbI)

## Update 6th January 2024:

* Fixed Cyberdyne Warrior and Mission Impossibubble (thanks to `mmhh` and `redmist77` for the issue reports)
* Added Log!cal to MultiLoad64 (thanks `$olo1870`!)
* Renamed due to being released since 2000 (thanks to `Snarko` for the issue report):
  * Keystone Kapers (Antonio Savona - 2019)
  * Bomberman C64 (Samar Productions - 2007)
  * Donkey Kong Arcade (Oxyron - 2016)
  * Donkey Kong Junior (Mr. SID - 2014)

## New features and changes:

* Reworked the cartridge boot code for better stability and tweaked the loading raster bar simulation for a more authentic look.

* Assault Machine and Castle of Terror now have working MultiLoad64 conversions, so I've finally started to help with this part of the collection! I certainly plan to be more active in this area in upcoming releases. :)

* `$olo1870` has been busy adding many more games to MultiLoad64 himself, which is great to see. Many thanks to him and all those giving him suggestions for games to add, as well as testing his conversions. He has also tweaked many of his conversions such that the games now load much quicker and have extras such as intros etc. He even managed to produce an 11th hour fix for Tintin on the Moon. Awesome stuff!

* `hellboy73` has also added Gumball, Hostages and Muncher Eats Chewits to MultiLoad64. All excellent additions I'm sure you'll agree.

* And thanks to `redmist77`, we not only have a working conversion of HardBall! in the collection now, but also conversions of all the Leaderboard games. Very nice work indeed.

Many thanks for everyone's support, and I wish you all a very Happy New Year! :)